You get to socialize
and learn about sciences (laughs)
It's social, you know, like
interactions with different people
or different things in society...
Social science, to me, is
kind of the learning of
the people and the way they
interact with each other.
You have to be able to understand
how to communicate with humans,
how to work with humans.
Understanding the theory behind it
is incredibly important.
Just learning about the culture
and society itself,
and understanding society...
Social sciences is the study of human behavior
and how we interact with one another and
To me, the social sciences are all about
using the scientific method
to study human behavior and institutions.
The social sciences are the empirical disciplines
that aim at observing, analyzing,
and then, of course, sharing knowledge about
various types of and impacts of social interaction.
Social science is the study of humans
in all kinds of ways:
politically, economically, socially, culturally...
It manages the government better and makes it
more efficient and effective
because if we do these experiments,
then we can give it back
to the community and say
this is what's holding you back,
this is how we can make our world better
It has adapted and uses scientific method
to answer research questions
that are very different from the natural sciences,
but still make great use of that methodology.
By merging together, we'll be able
to interact more with each other.
I think you'll see new, exciting
research coming from that.
I think it's really exciting because
we have a lot of commonality
across the different disciplines,
and it creates a really unique
opportunity to collaborate,
to learn from each other.
We'll be able to get our
public administration people
working with our political scientists,
working with our sociologists,
working with our criminologists,
working with our social workers!
For me, it's all about the
connections I make here,
with the professors.
I think that's one thing Pamplin is really good at,
having that sense of community,
and combining these two departments
into the Social Sciences department
I think is gonna be something
extremely beneficial for students.
I was always told, well, you have to be
a criminal justice major,
oh, you have to be a social work major
to do that.
Now I won't have that barrier stopping me!
Students are gonna see a lot of
new opportunities,
whether that's in class offerings,
potential to get involved in research,
or maybe even new student associations
arising out of that collaboration.
I think it's going to be great for the students,
I think it's going to be great for faculty research
Ideally what we'll do is really strategically
organize and sort of work together
to facilitate these collaborations
that have already been happening.
It's really fun to be around so many faculty
who really love our students,
love teaching,
love doing research,
and they're excited to come together
with each other
and the opportunities that they'll have
working with each other,
and I'm really looking forward to
working with them and working together.